This Java console application shows a EasyShop application . The purpose of this application is to show a overview on how to run and locate online items Intelli J. The functionality that it shows is that . It will prompt the user to add items to there online cart for there online store.
Class Diagram

User Stories
List the user stories that guided the development of your application. Format these stories as: "As a [type of user], I want [some goal] so that [some reason]."

As a user, I want to be able to add new products to my online shop including product details such as name, price .
As a user, I want to search the list of products.
As a user,I want to add products to my cart, proceed to checkout, and complete my purchase options.
Setup
Instructions on how to set up and run the project using IntelliJ IDEA.

Prerequisites
IntelliJ IDEA: Ensure you have IntelliJ IDEA installed, which you can download from here.
Java SDK: Make sure Java SDK is installed and configured in IntelliJ.
Running the Application in IntelliJ
Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

Open IntelliJ IDEA.
Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
Find the main class with the public static void main(String[] args) method.
Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.
Technologies Used
Java: JDK 11
Any additional libraries or frameworks used in the project.
Demo
Include screenshots or GIFs that show your application in action. Use tools like Giphy Capture to record a GIF of your application.
Application Screenshot

Future Work
Outline potential future enhancements or functionalities you might consider adding:

Additional feature to be developed.
Improvement of current functionalities.

Resources
List resources such as tutorials, articles, or documentation that helped you during the project.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/
https://stackoverflow.com/
https://github.com/
https://app.schoology.com/
Java Programming Tutorial
Effective Java

Thank you to [Raymond] for your continuous support and guidance throughout this whole program.
A special thanks to all team for their dedication and teamwork.

